Dipper What is going on?
MyThoughts I just went to sleep last night and now have woke up here.
MyThoughts Where even is here? It's just darkness not even ground.
Bill Heya
Dipper YOU?!
Bill ME? WHERE?!
Dipper HERE
Bill And where would that be exactly?
Dipper Nowhere good if you're here I bet.
Dipper I just don't now how I got here, last thing I remember is me going to bed. So how did I get here?
Bill Well isn't that obvious? You never left. 
Dipper How could that be? Are you saying that this is in my Dreams?
Bill You are talking to someone who works almost entirely through dreams and the last thing you remember is going to sleep?
Dipper Good Point
Bill Look I am not here to do anything bad, steal your body again, or take over the world.
Dipper And why should I believe you?
Bill And why shouldn't you? The predictable thing would be for me to try to trick you and for me to betray you besides we already did that in an earlier episode
Dipper Really then why are you here?
Bill Well after what happened earlier-
Dipper You dying?
Bill Yeah after that. I was able to go into one of your minds and I chose you.
Dipper Why me?
Bill Because you are probably the smartest and least predictable of the Bunch. Making you the Best of The Worst.
Dipper Well jeez thanks
Bill No problem, in fact I am not even here to make you a deal. 
Dipper I am not sure if I believe you.
Bill I don't need you to, and when you wake up you could tell Stan, but then you would never get my help.
Dipper Why would I ever want your help?
Bill You not trusting me is so predictable. Why wouldn't you want my help? I happen to be a creature of unspecifiable age with nearly 1/63 infinite knowledge like did you know that while credit for the creation of the first milk cartoon is given G.W. Maxwell, John Van Wormer was the person who actually first copyrighted it?
Dipper Why would I?
Bill Come on! You are always searching for information on the supernatural and here is the supernatural coming to tell you knowledge.
Dipper Really I suppose you know ALL about the supernatural.
Bill Roughly 1/63 of it which is probably worth taking up.
Dipper Really and I suppose you are giving me this for free?
Bill Of course I am
Dipper Why?
Bill 3 reasons.
Bill The first being that every other time I made a cost it didn't work and I don't like repeating myself and even less do i like repeating my mistakes.
Bill The second, if I made a cost you would try to cheat me out of it like Stan tried to.
Bill Thirdly, if I made you do something you would either ask about it or try to do it and wither way you would likely get caught and that would just be boring.
Dipper :1 Then what would do you want?
